FFFF.EXE	Fast False Floppy Formatter

This is a program to do a quick scrub of a floppy disk directory.

FFFF requires at least one parameter, namely a floppy disk identifier so
a minimal invocation would be something like

	ffff a
or
	ffff b

The above forms of the command will effectively clear the directory and
FAT of the nominated disk.  This is equivalent to reformatting the disk
but only works on a used disk.  It is MUCH faster than a true reformat.

If the disk has a volume label it will be removed.  To keep any existing
volume label issue a command of the form

	ffff a /v
or
	ffff b /v

and to force a new volume label just stick it onto the end of the command

	ffff a /v new_label

If spaces are wanted inside the label just enclose the volume label in
quotes:

	ffff a /v "new label"

FFFF will not clear clusters marked in the FAT as faulty.

This is a FAPI program so it will work in the DOS box.  I've had trouble
with it under pure MSDOS where it has trouble fetching the characteristics
of the diskette.  I do not know the cause; maybe the DSK_GETDEVICEPARAMS
variant of DosDevIOCtl() is not quite bindable to an MSDOS equivalent?

FFFF is tri-lingual.  It knows English, French and Dutch and talks to you
in one of those languages if your country code is set appropriately.  The
default language is English.  If someone wants to add Italian, Spanish or
anything else, feel free, and re-submit to the public domain.

Jon Saxton, 16/4/90
(With thanks to Paul Daamen for the Dutch translation).

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Voil… une programme pour effacer rapidement les fichiers d'une disquette.

FFFF demands au moins une paramˆtre sur la ligne de commande.  Vous devez
donner la nom d'un lecteur de disquettes, par exemple:

	ffff a
ou
	ffff b

Ces commandes effaceront la disquette nomine‚.  Si la disquette a une
‚tiquette de volume puis l'‚tiquette serait depos‚e aussi.  Pour retainer
l'‚tiquette de volume vous pouvez mettre le ®/v¯ aprŠs la nom de disquette,
comme ‡a:

	ffff b /v

Pour mettre une nouvelle ‚tiquette de volume s–r la disquette vous donnez
l'‚tiquette aprŠs le ®/v¯

	ffff b /v "volume deux"
